Que 1: What is amazon elastic beanstalk service?
Ans: 1. elastic beanstalk service is used for application deployement and rolling deployement(we can update the versions).
     2. elastic beanstalk service is PAAS service. In this service you just need to define your requirement, it will automatically create a environment for application deployement and
        after application deployement you can create a versions and you can update the versions.
     3. It configures automatically various amazon services like EC2 insatance creation, auto scaling, SNS, load balancer, cloudwatch and etc.
     4. This service manages application deployement, upload version, launch environment, manage environment.

Que 2: which are the elastic beanstalk deployement strategies?
Ans: 1. All-at-once - It deployes the application on all instances.
     2. Rolling - IT Splits the instances into batches and deploys to one batch at a time.(like suppose we have 6 instances then it will create 2 batches of 3 instance and deploye
                                                                                            application on one by one batch)
     3. Rolling with additional batch - It Splits the deployments into batches but for the first batch creates new EC2 instances instead of deploying on the existing EC2 instances.(so
                                        if we have two batches of 3 instance, so it will create a replica of first batch and deploy application in the first batch, it will not deploy
                                        application in existing instance)
     4. Immutable - If you need to deploy with a new instance instead of using an existing instance.(so it will create a new instance and will deploy a application in new instance)
     5. Traffic splitting - Performs immutable deployment and then forwards percentage of traffic to the new instances for a pre-determined duration of time. 
                            If the instances stay healthy, then forward all traffic to new instances and shut down old instances.
