1. What is a cloud trail ?
Ans: 1. You can use cloudtrail for monitor activities of aws account. You can identify who and what take action in aws account.
     2. when you create a trail then activities stores in s3 .
     3. You can monitor events activities using cloudtrail.

2. Why do we use trails, what is the exact purpose of enabling the trail in cloud production accounts ?
Ans: For ongoing event you can create trail. You can create a trail and you can monitor activities.

3. Explain how we can create a trail in aws cloud trail ?
Ans: CloudTrail -> Trail -> Create trail -> storage location select bucket -> SSE-KMS select enable -> additional setting you can enable SNS for notification.

4. How can we enable logging for S3 bucket using cloud trails ?
5. How do you get the list of all created trailers in your production account ?
6. Can we create a trail for a multi region, if yes then how can we configure it ?
7. How can we disable the logging for certain events, services in cloud trail, If yes so explain how ?
8. Real time use case of cloud trail ?
Ans: 1. Identity and access management(IAM) activities.
     2. Security monitoring
     3. Monitoring and alearting.
     4. Resource change such as EC2 instance.

9. What is cloud trail event history ?
Ans: CloudTrail is enabled by default for your AWS account and you have access for CloudTrail Event history. The Event history provides a viewable, searchable,
     downloadable record of the past 90 days of management events in an AWS Region.

10. What is log file integrity validation in cloud trail ?
Ans: Log file integrity validation process tell us if log file has been deleted or changed or inform us that no log file were delivered to your account.

11. What are the benefits ?
Ans: 1. Visibility into user and resource activity : You can identify which users, roles, and accounts called AWS, the source IP address of calls, and when the calls occurred. 
                                                  You can also use AWS CloudTrail Insights to detect unusual activity in your account.
     2. 
