1. Difference between Block storage & Object Storage ?
Ans:
   1. Block storage:
      Data is divided into equally sized blocks these are fixed size blocks.
      Each block has a unique identifier.
      When data needs to be retrieved the data lookup table is used to find the required blocks.
      In block storage we can store os but in object storage we cant.
      Distributed across SSD and HDD.
    2.  Object storage:
      Data is stored in objects in bucket.
      We can store documents, images, files or data also this files metadata is stored.
      The metadata can include attributes like the unique identifier, object name, size, file creation data.
      Object storage is used in S3 service.

2. Difference between static website & dynamic website ?
Ans: 
    a) Static website:  
       In static website, web pages are returned by the server which are prebuild source code files built using simple languages such as HTML, CSS or Javascript.
       It is stable therefore static websites are fast.
       In static website no interaction with database.
  
   b) Dynamic website:
         In dynamic website, web pages are not prebuild, pages are built during runtime according to the users demand with the help of server-side scripting languages such as PHP, Node.js,ASP, .net.
         Content of webpages can be changed.
         Here database is present,
         It is slower than static website
         Cost is more.
          
3. What are the naming rules ?
Ans:
   1Bucket names can only contain lowercase letters, numeric characters, dashes ( - ), underscores ( _ ), and dots ( . ). ...
   Bucket names must start and end with a number or letter.
   Bucket names cannot be represented as an IP address in dotted-decimal notation (for example, 192.168.5.4).
   Every bucket name must be globally unique.
   
4. What is the major resource of S3 Bucket ?
Ans: 


5.Why do we need to host static websites instead of dynamic websites ?
6.What is versioning & Why do we need versioning ?
7.What are the objects and types of objects that we are uploading into the S3 Bucket ?
8.Why is MFA Delete important in S3 Bucket object level ?
9.What is S3 Multipart upload ?
10.What are the storage classes in Amazon S3 ?   —------------------- IMP
11.What is ACL ?
12.Why do we need ACL ?
13.What is a Life cycle policy ? Why do we need to use the life cycle rule ?
14.How can we make our bucket public ?
15.How can we give public access to our bucket ?
16.Aws pricing factor of the S3 Service.
17.How can we make our object public ?
19.How can we configure the static website logs in s3 ?

20.What is CORS ?
  CORS stands for cross-origin resource sharing.It is the one of resource of s3.

21.What is S3 Inventory ?
Ans: Path = S3 → bucket → Management → Inventory rule
   Using s3 inventory you can pull the report.
   You can configure multiple inventory lists for a bucket
   You can create an inventory for collecting the metadata of your nodes.






22.What does it mean by Requester pays ?
ANS: 
    generally bucket owner pays for storage of data in s3, but if requester is requesting access for the data, then he needs to pay instead of bucket owner.

23.What is the secondary word to Transfer acceleration ?, why we need to use this transfer acceleration ?

