1. What is SNS ?
Ans: SNS stands for simple notification service.  
    > Amazon sns is a managed service that provides message delivery from publisher to subscriber.
    > Clients can subscribe to the SNS topic and receive published messages using a supported endpoint type.
    > Supported endpoints are sms, email, mobile push notifications, Aws lambda, aws sqs.

2. Why do we use SNS ?
Ans: we use sns service for notification purposes. Suppose we have created one serverless website and we want notification for that on our mail or sms
     so simply we can use sns service, we will create one topic and we will configure it with a bucket. So I will get notification.

3. What is an Amazon SNS function, and how we can configure it.
Ans: How to configure
    1. Go to sns service & select topic tab, select create topic
    2. Select type as standard, give topic name. Topic is created.
    3. Now open subscription and create subscription
    4. Under protocol select sms, email, https or sqs and create a subscription.
    5. Now subscription created after that you can publish a message which you want to display.
    6. Now we can configure this topic with any other service and you will get notifications over mail or sms.

4. Difference between Amazon SNS & Amazon SQS.[Hold]
5. What are the different delivery formats and transports in AWS SNS ?
Ans: HTTP, HTTPS, SMS ,SQS

6. What is the difference between SNS FIFO & Standard while creating the SNS topic.
7. On which services are configured with the AWS SNS ?
Ans: Below services we can configure with Aws SNS 
  1. S3 Bucket
  2. For serverless application

8. What is 10DLC in AWS ?
Ans: 10DLC is stand for 10 digit long code. 10DLC is 10 

9. What are FIFO topics on SNS ?
Ans: By using FIFO topics, we can do message ordering.

10. What is SNS Mobile Push ?
Ans: with amazon sns, you have the ability to send push notification messages to your mobile device.

11. On which delivery method do we use and configure the subscription ?
